;;;
;;; README for PRETZIL
;;;

PRETZIL stands for PRETZIL Realizes Emulation of The Z-machine
In Lisp, a name chosen to be a deliberate misspelling of a word
to make it easy to search for in Google. Unfortunately, it seems
to be a rather popular misspelling. The basic system was
conceived and developed over the course of a week or so in
February 2005. When development stopped, it could handle much of
the Z3 spec, parts of Z4, had some hooks in place to support Z5,
Z6, Z7, and Z8 in the instruction decoder and a few key memory
functions, and had a very basic GUI using McCLIM. Just where it
is today, actually.

The only changes between where I left off in late February 2005
and this release are that I added a .asd file for the system and
wrote this README. This is still, in many ways, prototype code.
Were I to continue development at this point I would probably
spend a day or so cleaning things up.

Installation is your usual deal. Unpack the tarball, symlink
pretzil.asd to somewhere on your central registry. Or just load
the system definition manually when you want to use it. To start
the emulator / interpreter, call ZC-GUI::RUN-ZCODE-DEMO with the
name of the game file to run. Again, at this point only Z3 games
will work (Zork, Zork II, Zork III, Wishbringer, The Hitchhikers
Guide, Leather Goddesses, etc. Basically, anything pre-AMFV.)

-- Alastair Bridgewater, February 24th, 2006.

Online source: http://lisphacker.com/projects/pretzil/

;;; EOF
